Improve Growatt documentation with detailed inverter compatibility and troubleshooting (#41713)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/growatt_server.markdown

3. Generate or retrieve your API token.
4. Use this token during the integration setup in Home Assistant.

If your inverter supports API token, this authentication method is recommended as it uses the official Growatt API, which offers better stability, support and feature growth.

### Compatibility

#### Classic API

When using username and password authentication the Growatt integration uses the same API as the ShinePhone app. Hence, if your inverter can be controlled via the ShinePhone app, the Growatt integation can access the same data.

#### API token

Authentication using API token is currently supported for the following inverters. For the integration to support additional models, they must first be supported by the [Growatt Python library](https://github.com/indykoning/PyPi_GrowattServer).

> **MIC 600-3300TL-X Series:** 600TL-X, 750TL-X, 800TL-X, 1000TL-X, 1500TL-X, 2000TL-X, 3000TL-X, 3300TL-X

Reviewer: please place the colon outside of the bold markup, as it is not part of the name. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/punctuation/formatting-punctuation

side note: usually, bold is used to mark UI strings. But I can see that we would need to use an L5 heading here, which is a bit much :sweat_smile:

**MIN 2500-6000TL-X Series:** 2500TL-X, 3000TL-X, 3600TL-X, 4200TL-X, 4600TL-X, 5000TL-X, 6000TL-X

**MIN 2500-6000TL-XE Series:** 2500TL-XE, 3000TL-XE, 3600TL-XE, 4200TL-XE, 4600TL-XE, 5000TL-XE, 6000TL-XE

**MIN 2500-6000TL-XH Series:** 2500TL-XH, 3600TL-XH, 4200TL-XH, 4600TL-XH, 5000TL-XH, 6000TL-XH

**MIN 2500-6000TL-XA Series:** 2500TL-XA, 3000TL-XA, 3600TL-XA, 4200TL-XA, 4600TL-XA, 5000TL-XA

**MIN 3000-7600TL-XH US Series:** 3000TL-XH US, 3800TL-XH US, 5000TL-XH US, 6000TL-XH US, 7600TL-XH US, 8200TL-XH US, 9000TL-XH US, 10000TL-XH US, 11400TL-XH US

**MOD 3-10KTL3-XH Series:** 3000TL3-XH, 4000TL3-XH, 5000TL3-XH, 6000TL3-XH, 7000TL3-XH, 8000TL3-XH, 9000TL3-XH, 10KTL3-XH

**MID 11-30KTL3-XH Series:** 11KTL3-XH, 12KTL3-XH, 13KTL3-XH, 15KTL3-XH, 17KTL3-XH, 20KTL3-XH, 25KTL3-XH, 30KTL3-XH

## Known limitations

### Rate limiting with username/password authentication

> The classic API (username/password authentication) has strict rate limits that can result in your account being locked out for up to 24 hours if exceeded. To avoid this issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The classic API (username/password authentication) has strict rate limits that can result in your account being locked out for up to 24 hours if these limits are exceeded. To avoid this issue, use one of the following options:
```

- **If you have an inverter that supports API token**: Use token authentication instead, as this uses the official Growatt V1 API that does not have this limitation.

> - **For all other users**: Avoid all unnecessary integration reloads, as a reload triggers re-login via Growatt classic API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Option 1: Your inverter supports API token**: Use token authentication instead, as this uses the official Growatt V1 API that does not have this limitation.
- **Option 2: Your inverter doesn't support API token**: Avoid all unnecessary integration reloads, as a reload triggers re-login via Growatt classic API.
```
